[Music]
never said anything I meant I never sent the letters that I should have said the
choice [Music]
never was a cause for a long never knew what I was talking about anyway
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon it's good
to see you again you can see at the start of this satanic initiation I've
already got my glasses on which means we're gonna jump right into syntax
um and hopefully hit you with some images to bring you to that place
where you can see those deep things those deep things of Satan nice nice uh
tonight on lady Babylon we'll be taking a look at hermaphrodites we'll be taking a look at
the worship of them and why that is the source of Christianity
[Music]
I wanted to give you just a little portrayal tonight of what um I've encountered and I want to give
you a little background we're going to be looking at a source tonight that I've I've gotten the permission of the author
which is me and we're going to go through a little bit of hermaphrodites
gynamorse and Jesus just a bit of the intro and a little commentary a little running commentary
on it so think of it as a way for an author to be able to tell you what's
behind the text for those of you with ears to hear
fantastic I want to start tonight
I want you to settle in and I want you to take a look at religion
religion is a wormhole it is a multi-dimensional collapsible
bridge in space that only a 13 year old girl in the bloom of Life can open
and only when she has entered a state of heightened sexual arousal
when I started writing this I was privileged to be able to work with an
editor who uh just an outstanding author he had been looking at my writer
outstanding writer he'd been looking at my work and the chemical Muse had come
out with Ellen and he wanted to be able
to bring the material to the public without all of the footnotes
yeah so he said we're going to incorporate our quotations to within the text to drive it forward so that people
aren't taken aback because I had a tendency to overly yeah you know academically
trained you always want to put your footnotes down in your sources so this is an attempt to bridge that Gap
yeah according to ancient Etruscan symbols
the teenage priestesses who established the norms for much of Roman culture
religion is a method of cosmic tunneling it's a practice that creates a fluid
structure through which Dark Matter breathing beings can travel in order to
possess their maddened devotees the ancient world believed religion was
a resonant span across the fabric of space-time and ancient clerics
taught that it's thermodynamic seal could be forcefully broken open with the
songs of Maidens people are are always talking about what
religion is and when we look at religion and Antiquity we're looking through our modern lens
Christianity of Antiquities nothing even remotely similar to what you see today
so when we're looking at texts that have to do with strange Concepts we have to be careful we have to be very
literate we have to insist upon a scientific approach this is all from reason right
the Romans spoke classical Latin their word religio
from which we derive our English word religion means ligature or binding
this is important religion is not what you think it is modern historians overly influenced by their own Christian
cultural lands have interpreted this to mean religion is something that binds us
to do and to say certain things in celebration of divinity
in other words religion is what we owe the god or the Gods
nothing could be further from the historical actuality let's get out and taste the air a little bit in Rome
religio was simply the cosmic tie that bound the Earth plane to the rest of the
Multiverse it was a means to an end it was a force
of extra dimensional attraction yeah yeah
let's talk about demons let's talk about demons I want you to be getting in the place of the ancient
practitioner the importance of demons the ancient Mediterranean World taught
the priestesses witches diviners and Poets possess the ability to open portals
through which sentient powers or demons who inhabited extra worldly planes could
travel to the material universe these beings these powers that be did
not have a physical form and remember we can go through all of the scientific
texts we can go through all the Aristotle we want we can go through all the talking about Democritus we can go
through all the traditional Greek ways of learning right to support what this is saying are
you ready these beings these powers that be did
not have a physical form they were not composed of atoms
they were not composed of atoms the indivisible elements of our world that's ancient it's not modern and they
did not have eyes ears mouths voices or in fact any human or biological attribute at all
and perhaps most importantly these Immortals were neither male nor female
they were neither and they were both
in the Greco-Roman way of thanking gods are cosmic or the cosmic bloom
of existence which only makes sense right it only makes sense that the
Divinity would be that moment at which the Perfection is displayed
yes you see how everything goes back to Aphrodite love it and the greco-runner
way of thanking God to the cosmic Bloom Greek and Latin culture preserved in the Amber of ancient literature
perpetuated The View that gods are the immortal elements
of an ordered and living universe they are the elements of an ordered and
living Universe the orphics prayed to that Cosmos
that organization which they called foosis nature
nature and you see right away why Paul the Apostle is so angry
and running around saying stop worshiping nature get your mind off of nature because even the Christians who
had entered the cult we're still influenced by their upbringings by their education
yeah and if they didn't have any of that they had what was in The Ether around them
myth was the medium in which the classical World expressed the efflorescence of the immortal forces of
the universe Greek and Roman myth had an extraordinary influence on Ancient
artists Statesmen religious leaders and philosophers it was a cultural cement
that facilitated the construction of democracy the establishment of a system of
Education and the creation of what became the scientific method
ancient meth was a metaphor for expressing the individuality and actions of the immortal powers that govern the
universe there was no difference between their philosophers
and their physicists there was no difference the doctors had to stand on both sides
of that divide the doctors had to had to know the pharmacology they had to know which
drugs did what but they also had to know the theories that Galen goes into ad nauseam
yes the medical theories and the medical Powers the powers of things yes
so a lot of this talk about demons fits right in with their religion
which is very different when you talk about a mystery and the performance of a mystery and antiquity
you're talking about a specific event for which you cannot create a proper
representation using modern terms you can't you can't you have to go there the goal
is the orgasm yeah and you say wait a minute wait what I didn't think church had anything to do
with orgasm right
that's why they threw out Aphrodite that's why they threw out Aphrodite they
severed that connection within the mystery and from that point on you have a terrible terrible enslavement of the
feminine gorgeous I want to read you one another section here I'm going to skip ahead
I just want to read to you about the bigender God the by gender God the
gynomorph was a bigender god with both masculine and physic and feminine attributes
the word itself is just a pairing of Guyana a woman and morph shape literally
a gynomorph is a god with female shape traditionally the gynomorph was a was a
developed or evolved
state of feminine Divinity or Diamond demon in English
were portrayed as effeminate young males like Dionysus these are the ones they're
outlawing in China right now right they're trying to get rid of effeminate males by the way this I hope that this
YouTube live is banned in Tennessee I hope it's
banned in Tennessee ganymorphs retain the creative capacity
of their feminine forms they had Cosmic wombs but they also
possessed the inseminating abilities attributed to the masculine God
yeah gyne morphs were special because they stood in the gender gap between
male and female Gods got a more formed a bridge between the Sexes they were a
combo or the sum of both genders yeah
in this way God of Wars were hermaphroditic and could appear sometimes as predominantly masculine or
other times as predominantly feminine the gynomorph was an important figure in
ancient culture because the Greco-Roman world and I'm going to say something that's going to
shock you and you're not going to believe until I show you examples or until you find examples and come back
to me and say you're right the Greco-Roman World possessed no word
for gender they also didn't possess a word for
homosexuality that's a later creation it's only it's only when you persecute something can
you name it and identify it if something is not persecuted it doesn't need to be
identified it's just part of society and that's how the Greeks were you
remember Achilles right there's no question that he was involved with men and women
right there's no reference to what that ism is it doesn't exist
I'll give you a clue though the Christians created one
the monotheistic religions always come up with a way
with the way of taking that group of people and uh uh and defining them
and vilifying them they throw the drug drug users in there with them right
that's the way it is lovely Universe you've got say those who
are watching they viewed sex not as a binary proposition but as a natural sum of two
Cooperative potentials isn't that interesting yeah it's not binary
it's not binary at all yeah right nice it's a range it's a
scale which makes sense because the Greeks were such such students of balance
such students of balance that was mesmeric Chewie thanks for that video in their view sexual attributes were a
combination of both masculine and feminine qualities there were no absolute sexual characteristics or
combinations for this reason closest word uh their closest word to English
gender is kind kind that's about the closest you can
get kind yeah yeah fantastic
what are the origins of necromancy and what does this have to do was necromancing because that's why
everybody's come here is to get involved in necromancy right so at least that's what you're especially seems to be reflecting
the earliest origins of Western necromancy are found in the practices of
Etruscan priestesses and Prophets these wates or Sears were able to Divine
the future based on their reading of natural signs they believed Cosmic
intelligence is freely communicated with Mortals and they thought that proper interpretation of signs like lightning
strikes in the flight of birds was the provenance of specialized clerics
these same clerics worship gyneamorphic Gods there we are there's the connection
and perpetuated myths of bigendered divine entities by General Divine
entities necromancy was extremely popular during birth and early development of
Christianity raising the dead was a common practice of Roman and Greek religious figures and
was a well-established ritual by the time Jesus entered the stage of
Western history necromancers perform sacred sexual acts
meant to summon and drive out demons from The Afflicted
sacrapyakia is the Latin term so for those of you who say I need a source and
I need There's an actual that you don't get better evidence than this an actual word in Latin for sacred sodomy
think about that for a minute This Is Not Unusual because in Roman weddings in
Roman weddings when your 14 year old girl is marrying a 30 year old ex-veteran
um it's traditional for her to be able to offer the anus as a alternative to
vaginal penetration right it's it's a courtesy
because uh it's a scary process and
um the Romans thought it was uh it should be up to her to choose and when she's ready
she will offer the other but until then just you know yeah that's the way it's
going to be and Saint Augustine hated this he hated it he was so much against this practice
right and he said they go up during the wedding and they sit they sit on the
phallus they sit on the priapus yeah it was uh
um as soon as you can call them sodomites you've got it you've got a group that you can latch onto and you
can burn the city down for right isn't that what we all desire
yeah his first century Christians we got a burn down Rome that's what they
said people now are calling for civil war right there's this happens through
history there are forces that call for the decline for the toppling of the government
and the Romans the Romans fought that Force they fought it hard they pushed
for civilization they pushed for it and it was only it was only when the
Christians took the extra step everybody everybody I'm telling you we've been reading these texts a long time and
everybody thinks the fairy tale is the actuality they think the Romans are
walking around with their regalia on stomping around their uniforms putting
people on crosses throwing people to the Tigers yeah letting people get killed
you know the only time they took on the Christians and put them in the arena with other criminals
is when they stood against the government when they stood against the government
right the Romans didn't care who Jesus was they didn't give anything this was
some Backwater province that was way out of control that had no tradition that
even came close to the what the Romans considered civilization these people
don't have toilets bro they don't have toilets right much less how do you get there the
roads are terrible the roads are they got no Administration they get nothing
their courts are terrible you can be stoned by a crowd of people this is Hillbilly world right this is
they didn't care about so and so the greatest King in the world they didn't care about that right it's
when the Christians stood against the government when the insurrections started
right when the violence started right and that inevitably it was
catapult to everybody forward in time to a place where the uh the Romans get
swamped and there's people who try to stop it along the way there's intellectuals
there's people who were government people who try to stop it see if we can keep this keep this insurrectionist mood
out right preserve the Republic you don't go in and defecate
on the Statue of the Republic you wild animals
yeah yeah those are the ones you feed to the Tigers
right Thomas Jefferson got this Thomas Jefferson got this when he said you have to take
the leader of the Insurrection that Tyra and you gotta sacrifice him to Liberty
you got to sacrifice him if you don't Justice doesn't stay with you she leaves and once Justice leaves your Society
you're done for you're done for those are classical ideas classical ideas
yeah I want to continue the origin of necromancy I'm sorry the purpose of ancient Western religion was to open a
means of communication with the Realms of the Gods classical necromancers
practice their religion by opening portals to the kingdom of the Dead the oldest civils the earliest Western
prophets and these are the sybils of the Vatican Hill baby right these are these
are the real ones the ones you were saying listen up and you're so serious Jew uh is John litis they're saying
listen up um we're going to tell you all of history they're like what we're going to
tell you all of history we're going to show it to you it's going to be so shocking it's going to be so accurate
that you're going to want to keep it in a vault you're going to want to keep it a treasury yeah serious stuff
all of them women Moses is bound to the iraqiar tradition
otherwise he wouldn't be holding up a serpent on a pole you wouldn't have a tent full of clouds
they got to put a rope on your leg why do they put a rope on your leg you say when you're going to the temple that's
weird isn't that weird because they're gonna have to pull you out if you collapse right with all that with
everything that God on the altar yeah what do you think you burn on altars not on meat
right lots of drugs and Antiquity lots of drugs
the oldest sybils the earliest Western prophets taught that the resurrection
of summoning of the that the resurrection or summoning of the Gods from the underworld was a necessary step
in restoring Justice to the universe you have the final judgment
and some of you will talk about the final judgment seat of Christ the Christians will talk very pompously
yes judgment seat of Christ I'm a dominionist
pre-tribulationalist millennialist masturbatorius Maximus
um it's just so much humiliating Circle jerkery this performed theologians love
it but this idea of this judgment was because and you'll love this people it's
because the generation of iron they called us they called us the generation of iron
the last God says Greek mind the last God to leave Mortals
Justice she left the generation of iron because she saw that she had no place
she was the last God to leave she hung in there as long as she could but as
soon as you say what happened well what happened to the justice system
money happened to the justice system money happened to the justice system and
those Greeks knew as soon as you get money you get the corruption of democracy
the corruption of democracy those gods that help protect you like Athena Nikkei
the Virgin we all protect that virgin democracy
Justice we all protect Justice we all want to preserve Justice right if we
don't sacrifice to Justice we're not going to keep our society that's it and
we're going to be we're going to be hit with things um that we don't have the defenses for
right this is why we call those Gods here it's why we have these specific
Gods remember the Christians first called uh the Christians were first called
atheists by the pagans because they said you have no Gods you have no justice how
can you not worship DK we don't worship any God but this one dude who's gonna
come back and Slaughter you all that was the creative Faith imagine that
as a creative faith and if you don't think that modern day evangelicals think the very same thing you're fooling
yourself there are people around you who are waiting for your Slaughter it's just a matter of time just a matter of time I
got one bit of bad news there's Devil's only give me five more minutes I've got one bit of bad news
for the evangelicals in the group the Catholics may or may not care but the evangelicals I need to let you
know there is no Resurrection there is no rapture
the word and Greek that you have mistaken for rapture is apostasy
yeah let that sink into a minute those of you who are looking I'm talking to the evangelicals now those of you who
are looking for the Rapture those of you who are looking for it
there isn't one there is no word for rapture
there isn't it's the word apostasy there has to be a falling away there has
to be a falling away the root
the root is the Love of Money says justice right long established before
Jesus did long established yeah look at yourselves look at yourselves
love it I wanted to read you about what is gender because it's become such an
important Concept in a chapter I wrote called sexual transformations
yeah oldest of the prophets she lifts her hands to the heavens and
prays to receive a penis that is from The Pride pair the oldest
of prophets she raises their hands yeah raises her hands interesting
beautiful but I'm not going to go there I just want you to know generation of irons are only generations of iron
excuse me or only generations of iron um because they have lost Justice
I will rule you with the rod of iron says the cross-dressing Jesus and yeah
yeah look it up Jesus in the apocalypse is wearing women's lingerie
yeah very sexy lingerie it's part of the
kit of Aphrodite it's gorgeous thank you Jesus for bringing that right thank you for
bringing that Morning Star most of you thank the Morning Star um is uh is a male
right Lucifer and lucifera Lucifer and lucifera
you know I think we've reached a pleasant point I want to just uh by way of notes I won't be available later
tonight um but uh everything in the classes seem
to be progressing accordingly we'll have good class tomorrow good great class tomorrow everybody keep reading your
sources um don't don't forget a little Oscar Wilde the supplement a little euripides
every once in a while and um don't be afraid I gave an interview earlier today
and um I sense the fear in the air I sense the real fear that was only
balanced by the courage of one Gnostic informant who doesn't want
who doesn't want to do anything but bring the reality bring the reality yeah
thankfully there are those people out there and let's honor the Muse and let's
bring this now we're going to take a step up and we're going to start with the cup
we're going to start making the cup so I'm very much looking forward to our next meeting thank you very much for
coming tonight I appreciate your time thank you Chewie for all the help and everybody hail Satan
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
just put all the different masks